# Reddit Sentiment Analysis: Public Attitudes Toward NYC's Migrant Crisis and Political Implications
## Abstract
Since 2022, New York City (and the rest of the United States) has seen a major influx of migrants usually seeking refuge from political turmoil, economic instability, or violence in their home countries. The city has since faced challenges in providing adequate housing, healthcare, education, and other basic services to incoming people, which has put significant strains on public resources and created tensions between providing support to migrants and managing the expectations of local residents. To delve deeper into the conflict, this project will examine comments under Reddit posts with a focus on attitudes toward the ongoing migrant crisis in New York City using data collection and text analysis methods such as working with APIs, VADER sentiment analysis, and NLTK. The subreddits used for the analysis are r/nyc, r/newyorkcity, and r/AskNYC. The general finding is that there is a marginally higher percentage of strong negative comments than positive comments regarding the migrant crisis, indicating a consistently negative-leaning sentiment among the Reddit comments. My project provides sufficient insight into the public’s opinions on the migrant crisis, at least in New York City. As voters, local residents are one of the most important constituents in policy-making because they are subjected most to policy impacts, so the sentiment analysis can be useful for legislators. However, it lacks evidence to concretely link Reddit sentiments to specific political identities. 
